### 2.1.2. Open-box evasion
>Category: threat through use  

In open-box or white-box attacks, the attacker knows the architecture, parameters, and weights of the target model. Therefore, the attacker has the ability to create input data designed to introduce errors in the model's predictions. These attacks may be targeted or untargeted. In a targeted attack, the attacker wants to force a specific prediction, while in an untargeted attack, the goal is to cause the model to make a false prediction. A famous example in this domain is the Fast Gradient Sign Method (FGSM) developed by Goodfellow et al. which demonstrates the efficiency of white-box attacks. FGSM operates by calculating a perturbation $p$ for a given image $x$ and it's label $l$, following the equation $p = \varepsilon \textnormal{sign}(\nabla_x J(\theta, x, l))$, where $\nabla_x J(\cdot, \cdot, \cdot)$ is the gradient of the cost function with respect to the input, computed via backpropagation. The model's parameters are denoted by $\theta$ and $\varepsilon$ is a scalar defining the perturbation's magnitude. Even universal adversarial attacks, perturbations that can be applied to any input and result in a successful attack, or attacks against certified defenses are possible.

In contrast to white-box attacks, black-box attacks operate without direct access to the inner workings of the model and therefore without access to the gradients. Instead of exploiting detailed knowledge, black-box attackers must rely on output observations to infer how to effectively craft adversarial examples.